Put name markers in brackets after items in the to-do list:

  +Foo: things Foo is best suited to work on or plans to work on
  -Foo: things Foo is definitely not able to work on
  *Foo: things Foo is working on right now

If you see a problem but either cannot fix it or don't want to work on
it now, add it to the list below so that it will not be overlooked or
forgotten.  Try to keep to-do items roughly organized by section,
except for whole-paper issues which are listed first.

As you fix outstanding items, remove them from the list and check in
this updated to-do list along with your changes.  When this list is
empty, that basically means we're done!


------------------------------------------------------------------------
--
--  Section 4
--

Section 4 offers some interesting ideas, though they aren't explored
or justified as fully as they could be.  I'm not convinced that
Definition 4.2 is working in the right direction.  If two predicates
are highly correlated according to this definition, doesn't that mean
they are nearly identical and therefore not especially interesting as
a pair?  I would have thought that an interesting pair predicates
would be ones with very little apparent connection in the PDG, but
which nonetheless are tightly connected in how they predict failures.
[+chen]

Choosing predicates with the smallest intersection of predecessor sets also 
relates well with the revised motivation for the metrics; the smaller 
the intersection, the easier it is for a programmer to search the 
code related to both predicates to find the connection.  By the current 
definition "highly correlated" predicate combinations are selected; 
this means a programmer has a potentially huge intersection set to
search through for the item which 1. connects the components and 
2. relates to the bug.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
--
--  Section 6
--

You also don't say anything about how long it takes to perform this
analysis.  Seconds?  Hours?  Weeks?  Readers will want to know.  Section
6.2 mentions how the computational load is decreased using pruning and
effort; Mulhern suggested making the difference explicit. This
is especially important considering that the conclusion mentions the
need to further reduce the computational complexity of the analysis.
[+arumuga]

Section 6.2 mentions an aggressive pruning method which includes the best
simple predicate in calculating the threshold.  The description of the
corresponding graph (Figure 1) doesn't specify whether this aggressive
pruning method was used.

Section 6.4 gives the complex predicate sampling rate as r^2, where r is the
sampling rate for a simple predicate.  The sampling rate is actually better
because of 3-valued logic, e.g. one false predicate observation disproves a
conjunction.  Mentioning this may help explain why interesting complex
preds can still be found at high sampling rates.
